Supplementary Files

Fringillidae example
  Supplementary files

    - table-fringillidae-all-summary.csv
    - table-fringillidae-all-congruified.csv

Original names and locations of supplementary files:

```
cp tables/table-fringillidae-all.pdf dryad/Supplementary_Table_S1.pdf
cp tables/table-fringillidae-all-summary.pdf dryad/Supplementary_Table_S2.pdf
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/fig-cross-validation-xy-plots-diffs.pdf dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S1.pdf
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_1.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S2.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_2.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S3.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_3.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S4.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_4.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S5.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_5.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S6.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_6.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S7.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_7.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S8.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_8.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S9.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_9.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S10.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_10.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S11.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_11.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S12.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_12.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S13.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_13.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S14.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_14.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S15.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_15.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S16.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_16.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S17.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_17.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S18.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_18.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S19.jpg
cp figures/figure-cross-validation/cross_validation_19.jpg dryad/Supplementary_Figure_S20.jpg
```
